Well,
good evening and welcome to the Yahowah Vlog.
I'm about seven minutes late and it's
entirely my fault.
I've got so preoccupied in things that I
was examining that y'all might need a new
iata.
You might be able to go to Scratch
and Dent.
I don't think they have those stores still
across the country,
but you might find a replacement up there.
Hello, Kevin.
It's good to see you up there.
You look like you're in your woods.
This is Kirk's Woods.
Kirk painted this.
Oh, those are Kirk's Woods.
Okay, those are some massive old trees.
So you're back in Kirk world.
I'm in Kirk world, too.
You can see we have the old tree
in the sea here over my shoulder.
Hey, Kirk, you're looking much,
much better.
How are you feeling?
Thank you.
I'm doing all right.
Thank you very much.
Yeah,
that sounds like really enthusiastic, huh?
Oh, it hasn't changed much from last week.
It's moving along.
We're progressing.
We are progressing.
Are you pleased with the development of
your glossary and translations and Dead
Sea Scrolls and all those tools?
I'm flabbergasted.
I think this stuff is great.
Yeah, it's really progressing.
We're making a lot of progress right now
on the timeline.
We're adding things to it.
Leah's getting it all dressed up.
And I don't know if you've noticed,
but we have Ask Yada now.
We have an
on embedded AI in the site.
So we have an Ask Yada engine.
And our next big project is,
now that we have completely redone the
site, there's no more, what was the?
WordPress.
WordPress was the plugin that we were
using there for a while.
No more WordPress involved.
It's all proprietary code now for the
site.
But we're about ready to make some big
changes,
particularly with a sense of community,
so that we can take our act and
have it entirely online.
Because there really isn't a whole lot of
value in continuing to play in Facebook
and X. There are swamps.
What is the merit in it?
we're not looking to solicit new covenant
members at this point.
There's just not enough time for them to
come up to speed to be able to
demonstrate that they're
Worthy of being turned into
seven-dimensional beings.
God's not going to take that risk,
not at this point.
So we can talk more about that in
a moment.
But, Will, it's good to see you.
It looks like,
is that Jake in the background?
Yeah, Jake, come on.
Got a little cameo here for you.
Hey, Jake, how are you, pal?
I love your work.
I love your songs.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah,
I told your dad that he is only
the second most popular O'Brien in the
Covenant family.
It's true.
Happens everywhere I go with them.
Everywhere you go.
Yeah, you are an absolute favorite.
Are you going to join us for the
show?
Yeah, he'll be here.
Yeah, I'll be sitting around, yeah.
Okay, great.
Well, thank you.
We enjoy having you.
Do you have anything you want to say
before we get started?
Shabbat Shalowm.
Okay, well, that's a good thing.
And Dr. Jeff,
I see you with all sorts of medical
devices.
That obviously is not your home unless
you've decided to move into the hospital.
Almost.
We're in the ICU, so you're joining me.
I'm joining you from the ICU here to
deal with the cadre of sick, infirmed,
and dilapidated.
I hope you don't get any trouble there
doubling down here with us.
This is not a paid gig, of course,
so you're not competing with your prime
job,
but it is good to have you here.
It does look like that's the privacy that
one would get in the ICU.
You've got a slot up there for a
curtain to pull across,
and that's about it.
Yes,
there isn't much privacy in such a place.
And we have Rich as the king of
the cables,
the maestro and producer of the show over
there on the tree side.
I have to look over here to see
him because he's over this side as it
relates to the...
monitor,
although he is actually on my right side
as he's...
I'm out in the background waiting for
somebody else to show up so I don't
have to stay on screen.
Okay, well, we'll see who else joins us.
Great to see everyone.
It has been a remarkable week.
I had the opportunity last night to listen
to the highest ranking English-speaking
spokesperson for Iran.
It was quite an eye opener.
He was the lead of Iran's negotiating
team,
like the last time that the Trump
administration sent the amateurs over.
And the son in law and Steve Witkoff,
the real estate developer and golf buddy,
to negotiate
strategic deals on nuclear development.
I'm sure they're perfectly qualified to do
that.
In normal circumstances,
it would be illegal for them to actually
do either of those things because they're
not qualified.
But nonetheless,
the spokesperson that negotiated with them
was on Glenn, I think it's Dyson's show.
He's one of the more erudite,
articulate YouTubers in terms of his
program.
I listen to parts of his program most
every night as a good way to fall
asleep.
But he was interviewing this head
negotiator on behalf of Iran.
And some of the things he said were
just amazing.
Like he was asked, you know,
what would you have to say to Israel?
And he says, if I were Israel,
I'd stop fighting everybody,
but thank God I'm not Israel.
But here's the reality.
We don't have to destroy Israel because
Israel destroyed itself.
Because what they did in Gaza as a
reaction to ten seven was so extreme,
they destroyed their reputation around the
world.
And with them continuing to attack us and
that first night being a murderous event
of our leader and all of his family
and what they're bombing now in terms of
infrastructure,
Israel has destroyed itself.
They don't have any friends anymore.
I mean,
the world's rooting for us to destroy them
because they're completely isolated and
they're considered a pariah in the world.
How would you argue with that?
Thank you.
You can't, I mean,
for the longest time I was conveying the
idea that the greatest threat to Israel
was the alliance,
they call it the Red-Green Alliance,
the alliance between Marxists and Muslims
as they were marching to the streets and
saying, you know,
death to Israel and Israel is genocide and
all this sort of thing.
That's not true anymore.
You know who Israel's greatest enemy is?
Israel.
It's just abominable.
Well, I have, you probably noticed,
I'm not spending much time on social media
these days because I just don't see any
purpose in it.
We'll talk a little bit about that in
a moment.
But when you look at posts from Israelis,
they think they're doing this great job.
They think that they're fighting the
terrorists for the world and that they're
winning and that this is gonna be
wonderful and they're still gonna get
regime change and everything is just
peachy keen, but that's just not the case.
Trump administration is so desperate for a
way out of this that they're negotiating
with Putin.
They're saying,
we'll relieve all of your sanctions and
everything else if you can give us a
way out of this.
I mean, they're begging Putin
to find a solution.
I'm only aware of one way out for
America and it doesn't work.
And the only way I know is to
do what America did with the hooties,
which is you lose,
declare victory and retreat.
But the difference is,
How can America just leave?
If America just leaves under these
circumstances,
declares victory and leaves,
what does that do to the Strait of
Hormuz?
It's still closed, isn't it?
What does it do to Iran's demand that
it will continue to destroy its neighbors
if its neighbors continue to harbor the
United States and its bases?
Iran has said,
we are not going to stop this war
until every Islamic country around us
boots out the United States and they have
no more American bases.
That is our bottom line requirement.
So they're not,
America can call victory all they want to.
Iran's not going to stop.
So now what?
Do you know what the lead spokesperson
called all of the Islamic nations around
him?
He said they're family dictatorships.
There's not a single one of them was
elected.
And the people have no respect for them.
They're nothing but a series of family
dictatorships.
And he says those family dictatorships are
all dependent upon handouts and giving
handouts because he says they're nothing
but deserts.
They're not like Iran in any way,
shape or form.
They're all family dictatorships with
nothing but oil.
And the oil extraction and refining
capability and the ports are exceedingly
vulnerable.
They don't tell America to go by.
We will destroy them.
They have no water,
so they need desalinization.
They can't run the desalinization without
their oil.
And those plants are vulnerable.
And they don't grow much food, if any.
And so they require the Straits of Hormuz
to be open to deliver the food.
So you think they're going to comply with
our demand,
which is this war does not end.
We do not back down until America is
kicked out of every base in the Middle
East.
Why would they?
Yeah, they won't.
So what does America do if it because
the promise the deal has been.
We will defend you.
We will give you absolute control over the
skies.
We'll give you absolute defense from any
invader, but you sell all oil in dollars,
the petrodollar agreement.
The US military is the guarantor of your
safety, of your fiefdoms.
You can continue to have your family
dictatorships,
but you sell every ounce of oil in
dollars.
Now that Iranians have proved
that America has no control over the skies
in those countries,
and that when given the opportunity,
America abandoned those bases,
and that all of America's most strategic
defensive surveillance systems worth
billions of dollars were destroyed on the
first day by Iran.
So what does America have to offer?
Yeah, the mask is off.
The mask is off.
I mean, what does America have to...
Donald Trump says he's winning this war.
What does America have to offer now?
Because these fiefdoms,
they don't want to go to war against
Iran.
They know that they're incredibly
vulnerable and that America can't defend
them.
And they know that their allegiance to
America is what's destroying them.
And they already have negotiated a
replacement with China and Russia.
Mm-hmm.
So America really did destroy itself over
this because, as I say,
Iran's not given up until it gets its
demands met.
And then they say, well, you know,
America is planning to invade with troops
that long,
skinny island that's in the narrow part of
the Strait of Hormuz.
America has recalled and put on notice,
I don't know, fifteen,
twenty thousand different American troops
to go invade that island.
And his comment was, let them come.
He says, I already know that in America,
seventy percent of Americans are opposed
to this war.
You know how many Americans are going to
come back in body bags if they do
that?
Twenty thousand.
Oh, yeah, and what would be the benefit?
Our defense of the Strait of Hormuz isn't
on that island.
Our defense of the Strait of Hormuz is
the thousands of fast boats that we have,
both remote control and piloted,
that are underground in bunkers on the
coast that come out at night unseen.
our mine layers are the same thing our
short and long range missiles they aren't
there so we're well defended there so
let's say america conquers it they gain
nothing and then we're all in at that
point we're not playing around at that
point we destroy all of the oil production
facilities of all of the
as they said,
family dictators and all the nations
surrounding us,
which their people would actually applaud
because they're not people are not fond of
them.
We destroy them all.
And now there's no petrodollar.
You know how fast he said the United
States economy is going to crumble.
If they play that game,
we'll destroy their economy.
I mean, completely destroy it.
I mean, unintended consequences.
And he had them all.
He was just amazingly articulate and laid
them all down.
And he says, you know,
the Mossad brags that they're the greatest
investigative body in the world and that
they know exactly what we have and how
many launchers we have and how many
launchers they have destroyed and how many
missiles we have.
And yet every day,
For the last two weeks, he said,
they've said that our launchers have been
eliminated and our missiles are being
depleted and the war is over.
No more targets.
And every day we launch more missiles and
at more targets.
This is how could they be more wrong?
And they never say, oh, well,
I guess we were wrong.
I don't see us.
I mean,
I begged Israel not to do this because
I did not see a way out.
I said this is not going to end
like the last time with a ceasefire at
the end of twelve days,
because this time there is zero percent
chance that the Iranians are going to do
that.
I mean, you you murdered their leaders.
You lied to them once again about
negotiations.
They know they can't trust you.
You've attacked them a second time.
I have zero love for Islamic
dictatorships, and that's what Iran is,
and I think they're despicable.
I know more about Islam than anybody on
the planet, and read Goddamn Religion,
the five volumes.
I'm not speaking in favor of Iran.
I'm vehemently opposed to the Islamic
theocracy in Iran.
I think it's deplorable.
But I'm also smart enough to know that
there is a zero percent chance of regime
change.
As a matter of fact,
the one percent chance that might have
previously existed is now zero percent,
because rather than having three,
four or five thousand people rioting and
protesting in the streets,
they've against the government.
There are millions now that are rallying
in favor of their government.
You know,
you you go and bomb and kill one
hundred schoolgirls.
you are not going to engender that
country's favor.
You bomb them every night.
You bomb a refinery right next to Tehran
so that the city is soaked in toxic
rain.
They're going to hate you.
And so this idea that America is going
to have any influence there, none.
You think America is going to invade with
troops?
What do you think Trump's chances would be
if they did that?
In fact, the Iranian spokesperson said,
I can guarantee you this war is going
to last to the midterms in America.
What then?
He says, you'll have no support.
I mean, he says,
there's some magas that support Trump that
are religious zealots.
But other than that,
there'll be no support.
What then?
The economy will be in ruins.
So it was so easy to predict this
result.
We talked about it on this program over
and over again,
that this would be the result if they
did this thing.
And they're supposed to be smart people
and they went and did this thing.
And even now they don't know the
consequence of what they have done.
And we know because we know we're seventy
days now from the time of Israel's
troubles.
Did you think that Israel would be the
biggest cause of Israel's troubles?
I would have thought that the Muslims
would have been, but they're not.
It's Israel.
And we're dedicated to Israel.
We love Israel, but not the government.
So many thoughts,
and you know I was tardy to the
show because I was so preoccupied.
It's remarkable that you're right.
You're right.
Israel put themselves in this position.
This isn't something that happened to
Israel.
And looking back, I mean,
it was sort of an evil stroke of
genius.
They did lure them in.
They leveled Gaza.
And so they set the stage from going
forward.
They have no political capital.
They have no credibility.
They have no room for error.
And as we make the mistake of bombing
a school in...
You know, where they just bombed.
That's going to be,
that's going to come back to Israel.
Israel is going to be blamed for the
school bombing.
Actually, it was a, yeah,
that was a cruise missile.
And so it was even though Trump says,
oh,
Iran has cruise missiles to another
country.
uh not not not tomahawks that was a
tomahawk they've actually got a picture of
it uh going into the school no uh
America America did that um yeah first day
first day of the war but one of
the things that this spokesperson also
said uh will is that says one of
the things that that Israel doesn't seem
to be aware of is that not only
around the world do they have no support
Their support is almost gone in America.
He says the last vestige of it was
the Republican Party.
And he says now the preponderance of young
Republicans are opposed to Israel.
And part of what you say is true.
Well...
Netanyahu and Israel cannot be blamed for
the misguided or improper targeting of the
cruise missile that killed the girls at
the school.
Correct.
Israel is being blamed by virtually every
pundit.
I can't find a source of news that
isn't blaming Israel for yanking Donald
Trump into the war.
They have it upside down.
They think that Netanyahu controls Trump
as opposed to the fact that Netanyahu is
a vassal of Donald Trump.
He is his stooge.
He is his little monkey on a string.
And so they've got it upside down.
But that doesn't change the video.
yeah the point is that that the
overwhelming preponderance of america is
now see that this war which is going
very poorly and there is no way out
and it's going to have exceedingly harsh
consequences they're going to blame the
war not on donald trump they're going to
blame it on that yeah yeah i have
two questions real quick yeah please well
the first thing is isn't this
Isn't this really the plan all along for
the Trump and ha-Satan?
I mean, they think exactly the same way.
This is nothing but destruction everywhere
you go and is leading towards, ultimately,
it'll have to be a nuclear war at
some point.
Yeah, Trump has actually, Kirk,
bragged about the potential of using
nuclear weapons in Iran.
He says that he would destroy it to
the point that nothing survives in Iran.
The only way he can do that is
a nuclear holocaust.
And if you deploy nuclear weapons to that
extent,
you'd have nothing left of the world
because China and Russia would respond.
And it's likely even Pakistan would engage
as well and nuke Israel in such a
scenario.
The point is that when a year and
a half ago,
when we
just based upon what the prophet Yashayah
had to say about the person and the
nature of the individual,
the fact that they are arrogant,
that they have deployed their navy around
the world,
they are known for their whirling wings,
their attack helicopters, they are...
claim that they're the boss of the world,
that the world has to do what they
want them to do.
They're the ones who sell Israel's enemies
most of their weapons.
And it spoke of that person and country
betraying Israel in conjunction with the
celebration of Shabuwah seven years before
the Messiah, Dowd, returns with Yahowah.
That is just seventy days from now.
That would be the twenty second of May
of this year.
And so all you had to do is
to say there's only one country that fits
that and it's only one person who fits
that description.
And the timing is now, you know,
we started talking about this almost two
years ago.
And so the the person that
that Isaiah is condemning as the great
betrayer of Israel has to be Donald Trump.
And then we went back through and
reanalyzed everything that Gabry'el,
who is Dowd, the Messiah, had to say,
and Myka'el,
who is the one who knows about God,
Yaaa, had to say through Daniel,
regarding the nature of this individual
who is described as Donald Trump,
sexually perverted, egomaniacal,
exceedingly deadly,
the goat comb over hair,
very long on days, exceedingly old,
who forms all these alliances around the
world and yet is traitorous even to his
own allies.
And you realize there's only one person he
is describing
It's Donald Trump.
And then in this show,
I think it was just a week ago,
we were dealing with Rahab.
And there is four prophecies about Rahab,
and Rahab is the integration of Satan and
a human being.
And the way Rahab is described,
every adjective of Rahab,
every context that Rahab is presented in,
there's twice in Isaiah and twice in the
Psalms, it describes Donald Trump.
So Donald Trump is Satan in the flesh.
He is the person that Christians know as
the Antichrist.
He's the great betrayer of Israel.
Israel has put themselves in a position
where they are a vassal of Satan.
That's what they have done.
And they worship now Satan.
Satan's popular.
They view him as he was the second
coming of Cyrus.
Now, Cyrus was quite an egomaniac as well,
and he ended up conquering Babylon because
he bribed everybody.
So it's not far off.
But we know a lot about the adversary.
He is deadly.
Trump is deadly.
He is deceitful.
Trump is deceiving.
Did you hear him in his last speech
where he was bragging about the name that
he chose for this particular attack and
how he just loved it and couldn't wait
to celebrate it and how he came up
with the name?
It was really, it was so satanic.
You're just saying, wait a minute,
thousands of people are dead.
You've destroyed America's reputation.
You put an American in an impossible
position and you're celebrating this.
You have no conscience.
So yes,
this is exactly what you would expect from
Rahab,
from Satan as Donald Trump under these
circumstances.
So yes, what we're getting, Kirk,
is hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
affirmations that our declaration now
almost two years ago that Donald Trump is
the great betrayer,
he is Satan in the flesh,
that it was right on the mark.
And it was frightening to say at the
time because he hadn't done enough
to engender that conclusion.
Prophets were clear, it had to be him.
And he was also so old,
how was he even going to survive another
eight years at that time, seven years now?
Well, we're witnessing it.
So how does that get him to twenty
twenty nine in Jerusalem if it's not to
Jerusalem?
If it's not some kind of nuclear event
or is that automatic?
Yeah, it's it's twenty thirty.
January twenty.
Yeah.
January twenty ninth.
Twenty thirty is when he arrives during
Ramadan.
He makes his declaration that he is God
on the Ides of March, March fifteenth.
And then it's.
April eighteenth when the two witnesses
arrived.
That's that's the timing in twenty thirty.
You know,
there is no open discussion of how he
moves from being president of the United
States,
having betrayed Israel to moving to Israel
and being heralded as a, you know,
as a as a great savior of Israel.
And then, of course, betrays Israel.
All they tell us is that it happens
and that one of the things that happens
along the way is the creation of a
Fakeastenian state.
The Islamic state of terror is going to
be carved out of Israel.
And so one of the things that tells
us about Rahab that Yahowah speaks
specifically,
he says he's going to make all sorts
of promises to you and you're going to
believe him.
And when it comes time to deliver on
those promises,
like security for Israel after giving up
the fake Estonian state,
Yahowah says he'll do nothing.
He's a nothing burger.
So if I were to speculate,
because we're trying to think these things
through,
how is all this going to play out?
I don't think that one of two things
is going to happen three years from now.
Either there's not going to be another
presidential election,
or Donald Trump is going to declare
victory no matter what happens in that
election.
He's not leaving the White House in the
next round.
He's there to stay.
That ballroom and his gold gilding,
that's his baby.
He ain't living there.
He wants that new jet and no,
he's not leaving.
But then there comes a time in early,
when he has to leave.
So he is going to exceed his current
term, I think in the United States.
And then he is going to leave the
United States.
And there's lots of reasons that could
happen.
The US totally bankrupt.
There's nothing left.
A nuclear exchange as a result of mistakes
associated with,
I hate to use the term mistakes,
because I don't think they're mistakes.
I think this is malfeasance.
And either Iran,
or with Russia and the Ukraine as we
continue to escalate things there,
and particularly as Europe threatens a
nuclear response.
So either of those two,
or we continue to be belligerent with
China, or China finally just says,
you know,
we're going to take Taiwan and the United
States has already lost in Iran.
and lost to BRICS and can't afford to
lose Taiwan and can't defeat China
militarily.
So there's only one weapon that America
can successfully deploy against China,
and that's our boomers,
our nuclear submarines.
That's the only weapon we can deploy
successfully against Russia is our nuclear
submarine.
So is he diabolical enough?
that he would sacrifice the U.S.
to save face and blow it up.
Yeah, he is.
And all the little Christians would still
be praying for him,
laying their hands on him,
praying for him.
Twistians are amazingly easy to fool.
So it could either be the bankruptcy.
It could be that...
He is finally impeached and he has no
authority.
It's just it becomes too miserable for
him.
The United States,
the only country in the world that will
still tolerate him will be Israel.
They're not they don't have any other
person to tolerate.
And and they've had so many promises from
Trump.
They will maybe continue to believe that
here's that he's their savior.
But he does leave the United States on
January twenty ninth of twenty thirty and
he comes to Israel.
And so it could be that he finally
burns too many bridges politically and he
is impeached.
It could be that the U.S.
is essentially destroyed in a nuclear
holocaust.
And it could be that this malfeasance with
Iran bankrupts the country.
And as a bankrupt country,
it's not much fun being president.
Yeah, I see civil war as a possible.
If the midterms don't get his way,
they impeach him and then he decides I'm
not leaving in twenty eight.
And people are upset enough about that,
that there's that left right balkanization
that he has to flee Washington.
And Israel takes him in.
Europe's not going to take him in,
that's for sure.
After the nonsense over Greenland and
everything,
I wouldn't be surprised that Europe
wouldn't nuke the United States at some
point.
Just...
Yeah, that one would surprise me,
but clearly Canada and Europe will only
give Trump lip service just to avoid his
ire while doing everything they can to
form deals now with India and with China
and even Russia,
particularly now with the Strait of Hormuz
closed.
Europe freezes to death,
their factories shut down,
and they have nothing if they don't start
buying oil from Russia,
which is why the sanctions on Russia have
to come off.
This war was better for Russia.
It's such a boon to Russia.
It's hard to imagine that America could do
something that would be this advantageous
to Russia.
All of the little numbskulls,
the Lindsey Graham's and the Kellogg's and
the like that have been on the airways,
we're always talking about what a
brilliant strategic move to decapitate
Iran and to take Iran from China and
Russia.
No,
what they did is they gave the Middle
East and the petrodollar to BRICS and to
China and Russia and grossly enriched
Russia while turning the world towards
China in terms of business.
I don't see it.
I mean,
I don't see any chance that America comes
out of this hole.
And I don't see any way that Israel
will survive it.
But I don't see any way for Israel
to come out of it without being scathed.
to such a significant degree that it's
tough to live in Israel.
The things we don't know is really how
badly Israel is being pummeled.
There are people that post and say, oh,
it's not nearly as bad as the last
time.
Well,
if it's not as bad as the last
time.
And the last time,
you allowed film and video of what
occurred.
And this time,
not only don't you allow it,
it's a five-year prison sentence if you
film anything that is happening relative
to these missile attacks and drone
attacks.
We don't know.
I mean, I've seen,
but what you would assume is that all
nations when they're fighting a war are
keen on releasing any good news as
propaganda.
and they are keen on covering up all
news that's bad.
And when they're not showing anything
that's happening inside of Israel,
What do you think?
That's bad.
It's bad.
I have seen some really, really...
Just one second.
I've just seen really effective,
credible sources talk about these cluster
bombs and how the cluster bombs have
spread out and what they have attacked.
And, boy,
there's a lot of very solid evidence that
Israel has suffered a lot this time.
But...
As I say,
we'll have to wait and see.
The other thing that they say is that
the U.S.
bases across the Middle East are
essentially destroyed.
Wow.
Yes, Kirk.
I was just going to ask,
is there any,
for those of us who have Yahuwdym children,
whatever, serious children, friends,
should they go to Australia?
I mean, it scares me to death.
No, no, absolutely not Australia.
No, I think that the...
that perhaps the second safest place for
them is the United States.
And what Yahowah ultimately says is the
only one place where you're going to be
able to survive at all, and that's Israel.
That's one of the strange things about all
of this is that even though Israel is
being attacked,
and it's going to be rough for Jews
and Israel,
the reason the Holocaust happened is
because there was no Israel.
And so Israel is the last bastion of
safety from anti-Semitism in the world.
And if it fails,
then there is no safe place for a
Jew,
particularly if it's disclosed that they
are Jewish.
So I know that more people are leaving
Israel than are coming into Israel at this
point.
But God's advice is still to come to
Israel.
But the answer is the covenant.
It's still to trust.
It's the answer.
You know, I would say,
I'm just going to hand it this because
I don't have the text in front of
me to read it.
Would you think that among the top five
would be the one in Europe,
the thirty-one,
that talks about the reaffirmation of and
renewal of the covenant with Israel in the
last days?
They talked about restoring the covenant
with Israel and with Yahuwdym in the last
day and writing the Towrah inside of folks.
Would you write that or classify that in
the top five of prophecies?
Pretty important to me.
Yeah, I don't know what would...
rank above it.
I mean,
I think the prophecy in Dabarym eighteen
is important,
but nobody else besides us know that it
points to Dowd.
I think that the one in Isaiah nine
is important,
but no one else knows that it points
to Dowd.
I think the one in Yashayah eleven about
the children is important,
but nobody else outside of our community
knows who that is.
So when you're dealing with it all,
what could be more important than the
affirmation of the Yahowah's return on
behalf of Yisrael and Yahuwdym and
confirming and affirming the covenant and
writing his Towrah inside of his people?
Would you say that's up there in the,
certainly up there in the top five,
maybe number one of all prophecies?
You got anything that you would put above
it there, Dr. Jeff?
no it's uh that that is up there
because it's renewal it's often
misinterpreted and uh understood it is uh
no such thing as a new covenant it's
the same covenant and it's uh
Handled a slightly different way.
Yeah, handled a slightly different way.
Not different than negotiated with
Abraham,
but slightly different than it was
experienced with the children of Israel
during the Exodus when God grabbed them by
a firm hand and said,
you're coming screaming and kicking.
I don't care.
I'm not asking your opinion.
I'm not giving you a choice.
I have a responsibility.
I'm dragging you out of here.
He says it's going to be different than
that.
Yeah.
It is we who have to seek him.
Shuwb for Shuwb.
We have to seek him.
Right.
So do you know what follows that?
I don't think I have ever in all
of my time gone by past, um,
thirty-one verses, thirty-one, thirty-two,
thirty-three,
and when I went into thirty-four,
I mistranslated.
Do you know what thirty-four speaks of?
Well,
before I ask you what thirty-four speaks
of, um,
do you know what the first prophecy is
in the Towrah?
Profound, and God goes on and on,
and I think it's five statements just on
this one prophecy.
First prophecy in the Towrah.
You know what it is?
The sun and the moon?
Actually not called the sun and the moon,
but it's the sun and moon are actually
not mentioned in it.
It's a prophecy about the greater and
lesser luminaries.
And what you have to do is read
all the other
uh psalms and isaiah references to it and
jeremiah references to as it turns out to
know who the greater and lesser luminaries
are but he says the greater and lesser
luminaries they're both great and they
exist as signs and the word for signs
means they exist as volunteers
who are willing to do what needs to
be done pursuant to the Mowedym,
which are the seven annual meetings with
Yahowah.
They're restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony.
That's the most important prophecy in the
opening books of the Towrah.
It's the first prophecy of the Towrah.
So this most important prophecy,
after it talks about
putting the Towrah inside of people,
of this remnant.
It says that at that point,
no Jew will be allowed to teach another
Jew.
The days of Jews teaching Jews is over.
Hallelujah.
Why?
Because what they teach them is the Talmud
and politics and everything else wrong.
They've corrupted their sons of the fourth
and fifth generation.
God just says, no way, no how.
There will never be again.
Not now, not tomorrow, not yesterday.
There will never be again allowed a Jew
to teach a Jew.
Oh, Jeff.
Yeah.
Then he says,
they're all going to choose to Yada Yahowah.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
Absolutely.
They're going to choose to Yada Yahowah.
No Jews talking anymore.
So the instruction manual going forward is
Yada Yahowah.
They will all choose to Yada Yahowah.
No Jew will teach another Jew.
Wow.
And then it says that this will be
the result of the Kataan,
who is a odd restoring witness on behalf
of the Gadowl.
It will be because so no Jew is
going to teach another Jew.
And yet the whole gathered community is
already told I'm reconciling my
relationship with Israel,
with Yahuwdym and with Israel.
And there'll be a united Israel.
And every one of them is going to
be now part of my family.
I'm going to write my Towrah right inside
of them.
And then he says,
no Jew is ever going to teach another
Jew from that point.
And that all Jews,
will choose to Yada Yahowah.
And then he says,
this is going to be because the Qatan
as a restoring witness is going to do
this on behalf of the Gadowl.
It's you, Craig.
It's you.
Absolutely, on behalf of God.
The katan is the lesser luminary and the
Gadowl is the greater luminary.
He just didn't put luminary after it
because he then wrote in the next sentence
that the sun is going to be the
one who provides light during the day.
Now we know that the Gadowl is the
Greater luminary.
And it says then as a function of
the chowq,
which are the prescriptions that cut you
into the covenant relationship and
authorize a share to you and teach you
how to properly live,
that those inscribed prescriptions are
going to be the tool that the moon
uses to restore God's people and to teach
God's people.
And then he goes on to say that
that role is the role of the moon.
So he has now defined the Qatan,
the younger and lesser of the luminaries.
And so that's a pretty profound conclusion
that here at the beginning,
you've got God saying,
I'm going to accomplish all of this
through these two volunteers,
the greater and lesser luminaries,
and they're going to volunteer to fulfill
the Mowedym.
And those two guys fulfill all of them.
And then he says at the end,
the last days when he returns to restore
the covenant with Yisrael and write his
Towrah inside that no Jew will teach
another Jew.
It'll all choose to Yada Yahowah,
which means that this website we're
building is in fact the Yahowah's library for
the millennial Shabbat.
That's what we're doing it for.
And that it is the Qatan as the
moon who is going to do this through
the inscribed prescriptions to allocate a
share of the relationship and inheritance
in it.
But it's not done.
I mean, that would be enough to say,
okay, thank you very much.
Now I know how all this works out.
That's very clear.
And now I know what we're supposed to
be doing with Yada Yahowah and why we
shouldn't spend any more time really
promoting social media to this extent
either,
because we're not recruiting anybody new.
All we're doing now is we need to
equip the members we have yet to be
effective going forward.
But God doubles down after that.
And it's the most bone chilling thing I
have yet read.
And I have finished all my translation.
I finished the commentary on it.
I just, from that point,
I started doing a whole lot of research.
And so that's how I got distracted today.
That says, if it were not for,
if it were not for the Chowq managed
by the moon,
playing out exactly as I have articulated
it.
This plan coming to fore as I have
articulated it.
And if either of those two men waver,
fail, are withdrawn, give up,
ask for a timeout, stop in any way,
there'll be nothing left of Israel.
There will be literally nothing left of
Israel ever again.
So the very fate of Israel is based
on that first prophecy.
The reaffirmation of the covenant is based
Everything hinges on our willingness to
keep going.
God says, I'm all in that.
There is no plan B.
You don't have the luxury.
You do not have the luxury of having
a Moshe moment.
Nope.
A Dowd moment.
You don't have that luxury.
And what you just described going through
Yirmeyah, those prophecies,
thirty-one to thirty-four,
is basically the death knell, hallelujah,
of Judaism emerging and evolving into that
wonderful...
wonderful goal we have of Yahudiism.
Yeah, and Christianity as well.
And Christianity as well.
Complete destruction of them.
And God says,
I'm all in with the Gadowl and the
Qatan,
these two luminaries who have volunteered
to fulfill the Mowedym.
That's my plan.
And if anything that is part of their
schedule and appointed events is
fails to materialize,
if any point they give up, stall,
ask for a timeout, it's over,
that there'll be nothing left of Israel.
Please don't.
Oh, well, you read something like that,
you say, okay, thanks, God,
I really needed the added pressure.
I got to tell you that what you
call Qatan,
is actually Gadowl as well,
because without the Qatan,
there is no Gadowl,
but the Qatan is Gadowl,
because it's like the, you know,
the etzedayeth to the etzechaim.
It's really interesting that,
first of all,
Qatan is typically not a very flattering
word.
You know, it means younger.
It is also somebody on the positive side
that readily deduces the information that
is necessary to prevail.
So it's somebody that a receptive mind
very quickly deduces and contemplates the
information that is needed to succeed.
It's often just translated as younger.
That's why I get a kick out of
Yao every time we talk.
He says, OK, young man.
Because that's what means is young person.
And it's chronologically younger because
now I've gone back and doubled down to
determine, well,
how many times has Dowd's soul been
deployed?
And when was it deployed?
And how many times was my soul deployed?
And what you very quickly realize is that
I am younger than Dowd by six hundred
years.
I'm six hundred years younger than he is.
So it's Qatan, clearly,
by the opening stanza,
because Dowd was born in minus six,
or conceived by God in minus six Yah.
Minus six,
I think he was six years in the
garden before being booted out,
six being the number of man.
And of course, Adam doesn't have a name.
He's just Ha Adam.
He's the man.
And so that is the reason that Dowd
is called the firstborn,
the bakowr of Yahowah,
is that Yahowah conceived him.
He is the first man conceived by God
in his image with a Neshamah.
There are lots of other humans out there,
but the first man conceived with a Neshamah
that had a chance to be able to
effectively relate to God was Dowd,
which means that he is the firstborn son
of God.
God conceived him.
So now we understand why he's the
firstborn.
Now we understand why he doesn't have a
name.
He's just the man and why he is
the adult.
He's the older one.
Although there are multiple times in his
life that I serve as a surrogate father
and as his real father.
I'm his father twice.
I actually,
he is my son of natural birth twice.
including the most important of them.
We will pursue the prophecies that explain
who the mother and father were of the
kinsman-redeemer when he was conceived to
fulfill the Mow'ed Miqra'ey Pesach Matsah and
Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE,
because he makes it emphatically clear he
was born the old-fashioned way.
His daddy impregnated his mommy and his
mommy's water broke and he came forth
through natural childbirth and he suckled
on his mother's breasts.
So he is very clear.
And when you read then what Isaiah said
about who the mother and father were,
Oh, my.
It takes us right back to the same
place.
And then you read the prophecies and Ruth
between Ruth and Bo'az.
And Ruth says, I'm your ‘Amah.
I'm your mommy.
And I'm going to deliver to you, Bo'az,
the kinsman redeemer.
And you read the book of Ruth.
There are forty bombshells in it that all
say, oh, read this, pal,
and see if you can't figure out who
these people are.
And what role they play in the future.
Because it's Ruth and Bo'az who are the
‘Amah and her Baal, her husband.
And we are the parents of Dowd.
And it even explains now how they came
up with the myth of the disciples.
They weren't disciples,
they were his brothers.
We didn't stop at just Dowd.
We had a family to support him in
all of that.
Oh, by the way,
one of the things that's really
interesting because the little clique that
likes to pretend that they are really
smart and gets their jollies about trying
to harass me,
their last one was referring to myself as
bail.
because the last Mashal, the thirty-first,
is clearly the ‘Amah,
and the ‘Amah is stated as Ashar,
the beautiful and beneficial, productive,
and blessed woman.
And Baal is used three times very,
very positively as her husband.
Do you know who calls himself Baal in
the thirty-first chapter of Yirmeyya?
Guess who calls himself Baal?
I was your Baal, he says.
Yahowah says.
Yahowah calls himself Baal.
So if you want to say that Baal
is just a derogatory term,
then you're swearing at Yahowah because he
says, I was your Baal.
And he was proud of it.
I was your husband.
Don't we always say that every Hebrew word
has negative and positive and you have to
look for the context?
We do.
And when it comes to names of false
gods, almost all the time,
It's ha-Satan without any creativity,
just taking, counterfeiting,
identity theft,
taking what Yahowah had proclaimed as good
and twisting it into bad.
That's the reason why when Yahowah speaks
very favorably of Baal,
because it means husband and the Beryth
covenant is very akin to a marriage and
family, why Yahowah...
relishes the term he uses the term
associated with himself it's meant very
positively uh but then in the end you
have uh or not in the end but
in the middle uh you have satan coveting
the title uh applying it as lord and
he develops cults around it he also then
covets uh uh ashar which we know is
also positive it's one of the names of
the twelve tribes and it means beneficial
and uh productive
And he covets that.
He creates a religion around these two
terms that Yahowah uses very favorably so
that they get a negative connotation.
And ElYah even had to go against the
prophets of these two because of how Satan
had used them negatively.
So God doesn't give up on his terms.
Just because they were misappropriated by
Satan doesn't mean that they're bad terms.
So he comes full circle at the end
and he has ElYah speak on behalf of
the Asher and her bail.
It's just, God said,
you're not going to get the best of
me, pal.
You know, in the end,
we're coming right back,
right back to how I intended to use
them.
But, you know,
you've got to pay attention to the whole
story and not, you know,
all the little conspiratorialists,
you know, they fix there's a point there.
I'm going to trace that point down.
I'm not going to look at anything else
but that point.
And, you know,
they get themselves all wrapped up in
their underwear and they can't see past
it.
They're not bright enough to realize that
when you basically have a false, you know,
they have things out of context,
so they end up creating a false pretext.
And in the process,
they usurp the true meaning and the actual
context of how it was meant to be.
Yes, and that happens a great deal.
That's how Paul wrote the Christian New
Testament all the way through.
So when Israel's looking for help,
once again, it's going to be the ‘Amah,
Ruth, working through her Baal husband,
who is Bo'az,
who is going to deliver the kinsman
redeemer a third time.
A third time.
um we saved him from himself and uh
uh around a thousand bce um when Down
fell off the wagon at uh completely fell
off the weapon at fifty six years of
age and uh rectified that relationship
with the island so he saved him then
from himself we delivered him uh so he
could fulfill peace like monson mccodum in
thirty three ce and supported him all the
way up to through that process and and
more than just
More than just oral support,
I'll tell you that.
And then now,
we're delivering him all over again.
That's the whole purpose of what we're
doing.
We've restored his reputation,
restored his name,
and made it possible for him to return.
And we'll continue to do that all the
way through Taruwah in twenty thirty three.
We'll get to deliver them three times.
God, yeah,
it's really clear when you read the,
now that you know the clues and how
he uses his words and his people and
God's so effective at saying,
this is my plan and these are the
folks I'm gonna work through.
It's really obvious when he deploys people
over a period of time and how he
identifies them so that you can figure out
who's who in the story and why God,
rather than rolling the dice and saying,
all right, Noah, for example,
I'm just going to hope that I find
somebody.
God said, I'm grieving.
I want to end the whole human experience.
He's just saying it's miserable.
People are disgusting.
I want to end the whole human experience
of people, humans within a psalm.
It's over.
And you think that God's going to say,
all right, it's going to be over,
and I'm going to do nothing other than
just end it.
But I'm going to put all my eggs
in a basket of somebody that I would
have had no way of knowing,
and he would have had no way of
knowing me whatsoever.
At that point,
the one person who had known Yahowah had
been Adam Dowd, and he is now dead.
And the only person that paid any
attention to what Adam Dowd had to say,
I met him when I was eight years
old,
and I spent three hundred years with him.
That's how I came to know Yahowah and
earned Yahowah's respect because I took
care of his beloved son and was there
steadfast as his friend for three hundred
years.
But now I'm gone.
So how would Noah come to know Yahowah?
None.
And so you think God's going to go
all in.
I'm going to save the Neshamah man with
eight people.
I'm going to solve the Neshamah man,
but I'm going to do it with a
completely untested soul,
somebody that I've never done anything
with,
and I'm just going to hope it's going
to work out.
No way.
So I know who Noah is.
Not my first time on a boat.
And and I came to know who Shem
is because the name tells us that, well,
God got to know Adam somewhat.
It was not a very good experience in
the garden.
That's where you got to know.
But he's not going from the garden,
which turned out to be a failure.
You're you're out of here.
I can't trust you.
to going in with an eight-year-old boy who
hasn't proven anything yet and saying,
that's my guy.
I'm going to go all in with him.
Do you think that's going to happen if
he doesn't have any other experience with
Dowd?
No, not anymore.
Shem.
The name is Dowd.
Dowd.
Shem is Dowd.
Yep.
It's one of Dowd's seven...
deployments.
And so God does not roll the dice.
Einstein was right.
God does not roll the dice.
He finds people along the way.
From what I can tell, there's five souls.
And likely there's others,
but I know of five.
And those five are deployed multiple times
because God says,
there's something about that guy or that
woman.
I just like him.
I mean,
I think I can work with him.
I think I can trust him.
You know, he's maybe a lovable rogue.
He may be aggressive.
He may be harsh.
But I like that stuff.
You know, I need a fixer.
There's times when we've got to get it
done.
Noach, man,
there was no plan B for Noach, man.
That was it for Nesalma, man.
And the flood wasn't going over the whole
earth,
but it wiped out all but eight people
within the Selma.
And it's those people, by the way,
that became the breeding stock for guess
who?
Abraham and Sarah.
They are all the descendants of Noah and
his wife and Shem,
particularly through Shem and his wife.
And so doesn't the story tell us that
Noah...
And what he did is symbolic of the
covenant,
specifically symbolic of the covenant.
It's even an arc.
Like there's an arc of the covenant that
saves, that saves life.
And that's called, uh,
that it's a symbolic of the covenant.
In fact, that's when the rainbow,
the symbol of the covenant is, um,
is debuted, isn't it?
So when was the covenant confirmed?
What year was that?
No.
When was the covenant confirmed?
Nineteen sixty eight B.C.,
which was year two thousand.
Yeah, wasn't it?
You know what?
And that was on Mount Moriah when Abraham
and Esau, Esau, his beloved son,
went up Mount Moriah to celebrate Passover
is what the timing was.
And that was when Yahowah spoke to him
and says, you know,
you're not going to take the life of
your son whom you love, your only son.
I'm going to provide the lamb.
which means it's my son whom I love.
And so there you had Dowd representing the
lamb and you had Yahowah and you had
Abraham and you had Yitschaq all there.
Guess what year?
So I've told you that year was two
thousand Yah, nineteen sixty eight BCE.
What do you think was Noah's final year?
Who do you think he was?
Got his last chance to supervise and
witness before signing off as his captain.
I would say that probably that year,
right?
Simultaneous.
That is exactly right.
That was the year.
And it's interesting that his son from
being Enoch, Chonok, Methuselah,
the longest lived human,
do you know what year that he passed
away?
The year of the flood.
And then Noach, the captain of the flood,
who's the symbol of the covenant,
He lives all the way to the confirmation
of the covenant in year two thousand YAH,
nineteen sixty eight B.C.E.
When you start seeing things like that,
you say, OK,
what are the odds that that's a
coincidence?
No, no.
And so what you finally recognize and this
is what we've been doing,
that's why I was seven minutes late to
this program,
is that I have come to recognize that.
Souls.
are extraneous from our frame of
reference.
What I mean by that is we're a
three-dimensional construct.
And we understand energy,
we understand mass.
We don't understand anything outside of
energy and mass.
And the universe,
ninety-five percent of the parts that we
can perceive is comprised of something
other than energy and mass.
And we call them dark.
That's ninety five percent.
And we have no way of knowing what
they are because they exist in dimensions
beyond our own.
One of the most common things,
just like ninety five percent of the
universe is comprised of those things.
One of the most common things in our
universe, in our world,
on our planet here, our souls,
consciousness.
Do you know that no scientist has ever
been able to weigh them or measure them
or detect them in any way?
All we know is that when an animal
is dead, the soul is gone.
That's all we know.
We have no idea what it is.
We know it weighs nothing.
We've done precise measurements to know it
weighs nothing.
So it's not mass.
and we can't detect any energy from it,
so it's not a force of energy.
All right,
so the soul exists outside of our frame
of reference.
And yet we know that it's Yahowah saying
that he is inviting certain souls to live
with him in Shamaym,
which is a seven dimension realm.
So souls can be harvested, collected,
gathered in by Yahowah, can't they?
Sure, yes.
Absolutely true, all right.
And Yahowah says that your soul
is the only part of you that can
extend beyond your mortal existence.
So your soul is separate from your body,
is it not?
Yes.
Absolutely separate from your body.
Like when this next harvest of Shabuha
happens, our bodies remain,
they're useless, they're liability,
our souls go.
In fact, your body isn't worth a dime.
It really isn't.
I don't think there's a dime's worth of
material in your body.
Your body is not worth a dime.
Your body is disposable, it's corruptible,
it is a huge liability,
and it's easily wreckable.
God can create a new body or even
man can create a new body,
the old fashioned way.
But creating bodies is easy.
Making a body is really easy.
we don't know what the soul is,
but we know the soul is completely
independent from the body.
So the body,
if you're focused on a person being that
body,
then you're missing everything because
that's immaterial.
Bodies are disposable.
They're fungible.
It's the soul that matters.
The soul is the total repository of your
personality.
It's what makes you so charming, Kevin.
That's what makes Kirk so friendly.
It is.
It makes Dr. Jeff so bright.
And makes you such a great dad, Will.
We have our personality.
And our personality is,
a hundred percent of our personality is in
our soul.
Our personality, our attributes,
our attitudes.
So,
if God is going to deploy a soul
that he likes...
He's gonna choose that soul because that
soul has attitudes and attributes that he
finds useful and that he thinks he can
trust.
Trustworthiness would be an attribute of a
soul, not a body, a soul.
And so for God to say,
I like that one,
I'm going to pluck that one out and
I'm going to put it into somebody else
at a time that is suitable for me
to accomplish what I want done so that
I don't have to roll the dice.
So I don't have to worry about Noah
forgetting a plank in the damn ark
sinking.
Is he going to be diligent enough to
listen to what I need to be done?
If I tell him to do it this
way, will he do it that way?
You know, um,
That's what I'm looking for.
If I'm going to come up with a
song to save my son,
to save that relationship that's going to
save all mankind,
what guy do I pick to do that?
If I'm going to have a dad and
a mom for my kid when he comes
back to fulfill peace,
do I just say what any old mom
and dad will do?
Or am I going to be really careful
and I'm going to not roll the dice
and I'm going to choose somebody that I
have worked with in the past that I
know I can trust because we've been there
and done that.
I'm sure we've all had people that we've
worked with that just come through every
time.
I've mentioned my buddy Joe Page.
We've been friends for thirty years and
every time I've done anything with Joe
Page, it has turned out well.
No exceptions.
We just are really effective together.
It's mostly because he does really good
work and I know what I want,
but he makes it happen.
So that is the nature of our relationship.
I know I can trust it.
So if I want to make a website
that can serve for the next one thousand
years, who am I going to go to?
I want to go to Joe.
I mean, you all,
how many times did you hear it?
I said, you know,
Joe's kind of going through a rough patch
right now.
But, you know,
I think we can get my buddy.
We've been through a lot.
We'll get him through this because it's
good for him.
And it's good for us.
And we're going to get this done with
Joe.
We knew that was what's going to happen
because I'm not going to roll the dice.
I know I can trust him.
And look what the results are.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
So, and by the way,
once he started doing this,
his life just blossomed.
He went from, you know,
things aren't very good.
I'm really unhappy too.
Wow.
I'm, I'm ecstatically happy.
Everything in my life is working out
beautifully.
So this is same exact situation,
except God's a whole lot smarter.
I, and you know,
he doesn't have a lot to pick from,
but
He finds souls and he just deploys them
because it'd be stupid for him to roll
the dice when it's important.
I'm going to have somebody collaborate
with me on the eighty ninth psalm to
save my my son,
who is in a really crappy attitude and
funk.
Who am I going to pick that I
can trust to get him out of that
funk?
That's not going to take any lip from
him.
They're just going to come on and boom,
boom, boom, boom.
Do you know who you are?
Let me tell you who you are.
Let me show you where you are in
this story.
Let me show you where you're next in
and go on and on and he picked
somebody to do that and then yeah you
know i made a deal with him and
said i'm not coming unless my wife's
coming i really like her and i like
working with her and you obviously have a
you call her you actually refer to her
as your ‘Amah so you you like her
too so she can be the uh the
the team here where you know she's gonna
be a little softer
Not a lot softer, by the way,
but a little softer anyway.
You know,
it's evident that trust is really the
cornerstone.
Yahowah has to trust us,
and he essentially demands that we trust
him.
And so that literally is the foundation of
the relationship going forward,
because that's how it's going to work
best.
And that, Will, is why we have decided...
that outreach is no longer productive.
We'll start outreach again in four years
when we return and we work as a
team supporting the mission of ElYah and as
the final witnesses,
and we're gonna go all out in favor
of Israel four years from now.
Between now and then,
our job is to build trust among one
another
to build up our common knowledge so that
we can be more useful and productive as
teachers,
for us to galvanize our relationships.
And it's not now just Yahowah trusting us
and us trusting Yahowah.
It's also us trusting one another.
So that is where we are.
And the present family that is here is
the family we're going forward with.
We're not soliciting any newcomer because
it would be reckless to do so.
There isn't enough time left.
Even if the Shabuwah harvest is a year
and three months from now,
as opposed to less than three months from
now,
there is no way that they're getting up
to speed.
So they actually learn what they need to
know, respond, engage,
and then trip up and fall and get
back up and prove that
that they're good to go,
that they can be trusted with what God
has to offer.
Because he ain't empowering anybody to
seven dimensions with all the
responsibility.
When we become seven dimensional beings,
you can talk to something and you can
transform it.
You could talk to that painting that is
a Captain Kirk painting behind you and
say, I want that to be my backyard.
And you can make it your backyard.
It is.
Yeah.
I can say, you know,
I like the coast that you painted there,
Kirk,
instead of the one I'm looking at over
here.
Get that tree.
I want that same tree.
And I want it right here on this
coast.
But I just want the color and the
warmth of the water that we've got here
and a nice sandy beach.
But that's what I want.
And you can talk it into existence.
Wow.
Under those circumstances,
the last thing God wants to do is
to take somebody in that would talk and
do something inappropriate with a black
hole, for example, or a quasar,
or a supernova.
He's not going to trust anybody in the
seventh dimension for all time unless
you've
A, shown that you're observant,
you're thoughtful, you're responsive,
you're reliable,
and that you trust him and he can
trust you.
And that is the story that is being
broadcast on all channels through these
people is you need to be trustworthy.
And I was considering today,
Dowd's father-in-law, not Dowd's,
but Moshe's father-in-law, Ethro.
And he is, first he befriends Moshe.
And when Moshe was running for his life,
he took him in,
gave him his daughter Zephara and some
sheep and said, you know,
your home is my home.
While you're here, you're with me.
And it was wonderful to him.
And then when Moshe came back after
multiple meltdowns,
both with the children of Israel and with
Moshe too,
Moshe had a meltdown long before the
plagues even began.
Telling God,
you don't know what you're doing.
You're a complete failure.
You told me that you were going to
bring these people out of here.
And so far you've done nothing.
And all you've done is make their lives
worse.
it's probably not a very good start to
the relationship.
And it wasn't very long after that,
God says, you know,
I'd just as soon kill you as I
would to have you go forward.
And it was Sephara that stepped in and
said, you idiot,
it's because your son's not circumcised.
Would you please,
you won't take care of it,
I'll do it.
So, you know,
Moshe didn't start off very well.
And he didn't end very well.
And he wasn't really all that great in
between.
But it was interesting that when,
when Yithro,
I saw Moshe again, came back to Choreb.
You know, God said, you know,
one of the miracles I'm going to have
is that when you come out of Egypt,
we're going to come right back to this
mountain.
This is where we're going to have our
powwow.
Probably didn't use the term powwow,
but none the rest.
The rest of it's true.
And so he met with his father-in-law
again.
And his father-in-law said, you know,
I've been watching you.
You're doing this all wrong.
Father-in-law took a executive managerial
approach.
He says,
what you're doing is you're spending all
day and all night listening to every
little thing,
every little argument that these people
have.
You can't be productive doing that.
This is nonsense.
He says,
let me tell you how this works.
You do the big stuff.
Listen to Yahowah.
Tell the people what Yahowah wants them to
know.
And you handle the big stuff, okay?
You're with the big guy.
we'll take care of the little stuff.
You don't sweat it.
We will have this org chart here,
and we're going to have a team of
people,
and the team of people are going to
be responsible for teaching,
communicating, resolving disputes.
They're going to be in charge.
You just deal with the big guy, right?
That's a big job, by the way,
and we'll take care of the rest.
What he's talking about, and Moshe,
by the way, agreed and did it.
He's talking about what we're doing here.
That's exactly what we're doing here.
Except there's two Gadowls in our situation
here.
It's split between two because Dowd is the
older guy, even though I'm his dad,
and I'm the younger one.
But that's basically it.
You guys are the team.
That's precisely what was set up in the
Towrah.
God's not changing his plan.
That's the plan.
So we are proving that we're trustworthy
as a group, that we can trust Yahowah,
Yahowah can trust us,
and we can trust one another.
I was going to say,
it seems like go with what and who
you know, and you will continue to grow.
Yes, that is a Jeffism,
and it's absolutely true.
We're going to grow and cause others to
grow,
And when God says, you know,
the good news about that prophecy that I
shared with you at the beginning of the
program is that there's a little more to
it than what I actually shared with you.
And that is that it doesn't end
open-ended.
First of all, Yahowah has a dare.
The next statement is actually a dare.
And the next statement,
what God says in effect is,
if you're so smart, men, Jews,
that you can actually calibrate the size,
the composition, and the orientation,
as well as the dimensionality of the
universe.
And even figure out and be able to
explore the dimensionality of the material
realm as it retreats the other way.
You can figure all that out.
Then I'll leave it all to you.
And you be responsible for yourself.
I'll just back away.
And the world is all yours.
He says, oh, by the way, either way,
Israel's gone because I know what they
have done.
But he says that's his dare.
So if you think you're so smart,
you got it all figured out,
then I'll leave it to you.
If I leave it to you,
Israel's done that way, too.
But he doesn't leave you hanging at that,
which I thought was really an interesting
dare.
You know,
we think we're so smart we don't need
God anymore.
We understand how the universe was
created.
But, you know,
we have no idea what the edge of
the universe is.
We can't see past.
Fourteen billion years because it's
expanding away from us.
We try to measure it.
And the moment you measure it,
you realize it's no longer that size
anymore.
And it wasn't that size before you even
planned to measure it.
And we use all sorts of odd techniques.
quark confinement temperatures to
determine its age.
And we really don't know the temperature
of quark confinement could be off by a
huge factor.
We don't know any of this stuff.
And we don't know what the composition is.
And we know that the universe is equally
sized
and its dimensions at every point in the
universe,
which means there's no origin of the
universe and there's no center of the
universe,
there's no frame of reference for the
universe.
And the universe is retreating inwardly as
fast as it goes outwardly,
because you've got molecules and atoms and
then protons, electrons, neutrons,
and then you've got hadrons and quarks and
leptons and on and on it goes down
just as it went up in size.
You know, from planets to solar systems,
to galaxies, to clusters of galaxies.
It's the same scale up and down.
He says, oh,
if you can explore that and figure it
out, you don't need me.
I'll back off.
And for Israel,
it's going to turn out the same way.
But you're on your own.
And he says,
but let me tell you how it all
ends up.
He says,
I'm going to give you a map of
Jerusalem.
He's the four corners.
And I'm going to do a little urban
renewal in those four corners.
And I'm going to establish a new
Jerusalem.
And it's a beautiful story as he goes
through and says,
this is what I'm going to do.
And so if he's going to create a
new Jerusalem, guess what?
We don't give up.
Yeah.
Now,
there's times when we've thought about it,
I'll tell you.
But no, we don't give up.
And, you know,
one of the reasons we don't give up,
because we have a team,
we can trust one another.
Because we look at what we're producing
and say, you know,
those Do You Yada ads are great.
The songs are wonderful.
The visuals behind the songs are
wonderful.
The invites that we're producing are
The website's wonderful.
The translations are great.
I mean, it just are perfect.
Our outreach has been excellent.
We've grown tremendously in social media.
We just reached a point now where it's
time to focus on who we are and
what is being asked of us.
You know, Craig, we have to be Chazakh,
but more importantly,
without being perfect or pretty all the
time, we've got to finish.
We've got to finish it off.
Get the job done.
That is the thing that God's most
interested in.
It doesn't have to be pretty,
but we got to finish.
And the prettier we can make it,
the cleaner, more professional,
the more credible the Yada Yava site is,
these programs supporting it,
the more rational our argument is in favor
of what God is trying to achieve.
And compelling our argument is for
Yisrael, because this is going to...
to play to Israel over those three and
a half years that we're gone and they
need to hear it and be in a
position to respond.
So our, our commitment is to finish the,
the job to leave is excellent and is
a legacy that is,
that we're proud of that God can be
proud of and said, yeah,
you guys did exactly.
In fact,
you did better than what I expected nicely
done, you know, for,
A bunch of amateurs,
that's pretty darn good work.
And no,
he's going to be sarcastic as all get
out.
That's who he is.
In fact, you read the book of Ruth,
and the entire thing is,
God is absolutely doubled over laughing.
He says,
I can't wait for them to figure this
one out.
I've left forty clues.
And he's just got to be absolutely beside
himself,
double over with how obvious they were.
And yet, no one figured them out.
But
I think that he is going to be
quite pleased with what we have done and
that we're going to have three and a
half years to improve it.
And then we're going to get to redeploy
and we're going to finish that job.
And then we have a thousand years.
I think the pace of that thousand years
is going to be a lot different, though,
even though God's made it really clear
that what we're going to be doing,
how we're going to work together,
we have to still be effective as a
team.
And I think we'll be a very well-oiled
machine by that time.
I just think the pace will be a
lot better.
relaxing we'll have more time just to go
off into a beautiful sunset and walk on
a on a calm beach and and enjoy
picnics and rainbows and all sorts of
things so i do think there's going to
be a little more um a little more
quiet in addition to the the noise
Let me just say one thing.
If we run off and play golf during
these periods,
you can't use that thing where you make
the ball go into the hole.
You got to put it in normal.
I got to put it in normal.
Yes, of course.
When we go play golf,
I'm going to change to the physique of
Tiger Woods.
So, you know.
I may cheat on you one way or
another there, pal.
You know,
the funny thing is about doing things that
are fun, you know,
like scuba diving or playing golf or,
you know,
going for a walk on the beach.
There will be things that we will do,
just normal stuff.
Just to enjoy the pace of the beautiful
planet that's going to be restored to a
lovely condition.
We're going to be with our best friends,
family,
and we're going to know that our God
loves us and that we have done our
job and that he wants us to enjoy
life.
the results of it.
And so I think there'll be lots of
just really straightforward things like
golf is an elegant game and I'm sure
we're going to have fun playing it from
time to time.
And imagine having a golf course that
blends the best of Pebble Beach,
Cypress Point, Pine Valley, Augusta.
some of each of those into one golf
course, old head.
No,
I think it could be a pretty spectacular.
And caddies.
Yeah.
I'd like somebody to be mine.
Yeah, absolutely.
For a walk in the park.
I think it's, but I do think we,
I know that at the end of my
day,
and at the end of watching these
educational programs so that I can speak
fluently about what's happening around the
world and give some thoughts on these
things,
that when I'm finally done for the day,
my thoughts very often go to a more
enjoyable pace and enjoying the more
beautiful places of this earth,
hugely depopulated,
No religion, no anti-Semitism,
no antagonism,
but just some of these beautiful places.
And to be able to go back there
and share it with loved ones.
And I loved Yosemite Valley,
the Carmel Coast where you live.
There's so many lovely places.
The game reserves of Eastern Africa and
Tanzania and the Serengeti and Gorongoro.
I'm looking forward to...
Having the ability to do that,
having a boat again and having toys like
sailboats and beach landers and picnics on
the beach.
That's part of where my mind goes and
says,
I think we will have earned a vacation.
And God's quite clear.
He says,
you're inheriting the wealth of your
enemies.
Well, our enemies have a lot of money.
So...
So we're going to inherit some nice toys
for this thousand years.
And at the end of the thousand years,
it's a reset.
But a thousand years is a long time
to enjoy some of this stuff.
And I just think we will.
I think we'll have islands that are just
ours.
And beautiful places to go.
So, yeah,
that's part of what I think about.
I do think that we will have earned
the enjoyment of
of having time off in some beautiful
places.
I don't know what you all think about
that,
or if you think that's even appropriate.
I'm not claiming I'm right,
but it's certainly something that reading
God's testimony,
it's what I anticipate Him wanting for us.
Yeah, the common denominator
and everything that you listed is places
with no people, Yosemite,
not a lot of people.
So the entire earth is going to be
really nice.
It is a lot less people.
I'm just saying.
Yeah.
And you know,
and we're all going to work towards being
introverts, you know, it's no problem.
Yeah.
No problem.
I just think that, uh, we're, uh,
An introvert is not uncomfortable around
people.
They're comfortable around their people.
They just don't want to be around a
lot of people unless it's their people.
And there's a lot of similarity and energy
because, well, we share things in common.
So I like that idea.
And I've also learned that seeing a
beautiful rainbow or a magnificent sunset
or Yosemite Valley,
when you're by yourself is not as nice
as it is when you're with somebody you
love being with.
And I can tell you that if you're
with somebody you don't enjoy being with,
it's not as fun.
So the one, two, three.
Somebody you don't want to be with,
it's not so much fun.
Somebody, if you're by yourself,
it's okay.
It's nice.
And if you're with somebody you really
love,
sharing something that is beautiful is
magnificent.
And so I think we're going to be
on the magnificent scale and not have to
deal with the bottom of the scale at
all and choose if you want to go
off and be on your own occasionally,
which I think we will all do some
of that,
then you'll be able to do it.
I was going to say,
God is claiming Yosemite, so back off.
It's a big valley.
I'd be happy to share with the Covenant
family some lovely places there we can...
Come on down to the Crag Ranch.
Yeah.
There may be an island or two that
I end up claiming, or a boat, but...
You know,
I don't think we're really going to have
to do a lot of picking.
I get buggy.
Yeah, I get a pick.
Don't get first pick.
I get second pick.
You get third pick.
I don't think it's going to be that
way because I think there's going to be
so much and we all have slightly different
tastes.
You know,
there's things that everybody likes more
than somebody else likes.
And, you know,
when you're dealing with places,
I've said I really like the Serengeti and
Ngorongoro and the Masimara,
where the flamingos are and the cheetahs
live in trees.
And it just, you know,
it's something mesmerizing about those
places.
They're really big places.
And they're not nearly as fun unless
you're in one of those camps and there's
other people there.
So, you know,
who wants it all by themselves?
That's something that's much more fun to
do as a group.
And, you know, camping out.
You know, Craig and fellas,
you add the wonderful locations to the
smorgasbord of four with friends, food,
family, and love.
We've got it going on.
We got it going on.
Got it going on.
I'd like to amend something I said.
I said we want to get the job
done and finish,
but I will say that thanks to Leah
et al and everybody on the team,
it actually is getting a lot prettier and
it's becoming magnificent.
I stand corrected there.
Yes, it is.
Things are really becoming beautiful in
terms of the website and the materials
that Leah and Branding are putting out and
the team.
And there's some renewed souls as part of
that.
Leah was talking today at lunch about
Matt, Matt with cats,
and how he just blossomed.
And that is a restored soul,
if there ever was one.
It's a soul that has gone through a
lot of tough times.
And yet,
look what he's doing now and making a
contribution.
And his whole outreach,
I think I can speak for him.
He says, you know,
if I can do it,
you can do it too.
Because, you know,
he was really in a rough way.
And look where he is now.
So there's a lot of inspiration.
In fact, you, Jeff,
you were in a rough way a few
years back.
So, you know,
I've known you at the top of your
game, at the bottom of your game,
and about now at the top again.
And so it's...
This is what Yah was looking for.
What he's looking for is somebody who's
made a difference, who has achieved,
who's made a contribution,
who has stumbled and fallen,
and yet got back up and demonstrated they
could be trusted.
And you did that.
Well,
it seems like Yah likes those of us
who can take a punch.
Yes, absolutely.
Because he can.
Because he has taken a lot of them
from us.
Oh, yeah.
A lot of them.
And you just took a punch there, Kirk.
Yeah.
Yeah, and here you are still smiling, pal.
Yeah, you know, just keep going.
Yeah, and, you know,
it's going to get better.
I promise.
It's going to get better.
If I start to scream,
just hit the mute button.
Say yes to drugs, huh?
Yeah, boy.
You know,
that's the problem with our brutus kind of
medicine is that the treatment
for cancer can be worse than the cancer,
particularly if it's a slow growing kind
of cancer like prostate cancer,
the treatment for it is actually worse
than the disease.
The fact that there are people that make
a living by treating it means that they're
going to treat it.
And so if you show up on their
doorstep, they're going to treat it.
Yeah,
as we talked about you and I going
all the way back, I said, you know,
Kirk,
almost all men
are going to die with prostate cancer,
and almost no men are going to die
of prostate cancer.
And so your prognosis is ninety-nine
percent if you're not treated.
It may be ninety-nine point five percent
if you are treated,
but is the treatment worth it?
I'm just looking for the right month to
quit.
Yeah.
But, you know,
demonstrating that you can take a punch
and still smile.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I was looking for.
Look whom I'm around.
Look at what I get to read every
day.
Look at this site.
And people give me way too much credit
for nothing.
And I just show up and go, wow.
Kirk, you're eternal, brother.
You're eternal.
You know, Kirk,
you have a personality that is infectious.
Yes.
We've gone through ups and downs over the
years.
I've had people that have pretended to be
genuine who have become really rotten and
caustic and abysmal.
And people all hated you because you were
just so genuine.
You were everything they weren't.
And you can tell the people that demean
you are the people who have miserable
lives that have nothing going for
themselves.
And all they can do is try to
degrade others.
You're the person that irritated them.
They hate me,
but you're the person that irritated them
because they could never be you.
They could never understand how somebody
could be just genuinely nice and genuine.
You know, you're the real deal.
You haven't changed.
Yeah, you know,
I view Sylvia slightly different than you.
Just like Dr. Jeff,
I have known for twenty plus years and
I've known you, Kirk,
for twenty plus years.
Neither of you have changed at all in
that period of time.
Your personalities, your intellect,
what we talked about, our souls,
our attributes and attitudes are what they
are.
we collect in terms of our attitudes and
attributes and we are exactly the same
with one another now as we were twenty
years ago and twenty five years ago uh
and i don't think you've changed it at
all and i think that's a good thing
you're you're a genuine supportive loving
friend and you're inquisitive you love
learning you uh love Yahowah uh and you
love sharing what you have learned and
you're always willing to uh to engage and
make a contribution
Oh, look at this picture that's behind me.
That's the old tree and the sea.
It's so symbolic of who we are and
what we're doing,
and yet it frames the backdrop for the
show.
Sylvia, I think, is different.
Sylvia has more of a bite.
She is, and I say that very positively.
I mean, I think the world of Sylvia.
And one of the things I really respect
in her is she's got backbone.
She will tell you exactly what she thinks,
and she's not worried at all about
sugarcoating it.
And I just think that is remarkable in
a woman.
She is no nonsense and total character,
very judgy.
And again,
I think that somebody who is very
judgmental
is somebody who is right,
who somebody has character,
somebody who knows the difference between
right and wrong, she does.
I mean, that woman's a keeper.
I have never seen anything from Sylvia
that said, yeah,
that I would question everything I see.
Everything I see and hear from her,
I'd say, that's Sylvia.
I would not want to cross her.
I'll tell you that.
I sparred with her only once.
It happens to be over this picture.
And she absolutely trounce me.
And so I just acquiesced and said,
so the picture is going to be sitting
in my office.
And here it is sitting in my office
because she won.
And so you've got to respect that.
Yeah, she's cool.
Absolutely.
Well,
we have like ten minutes to go for
our two hours,
and I'd be remiss if we didn't at
least share something from the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
So if you all don't mind,
we'll talk a little bit about the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr before we close.
Yes, sir.
All right.
I'm going to begin by saying that
According to my unwavering love.
Now, this is Yahowah speaking.
When we get to the eighty ninth Mizmowr,
the first like eighteen statements,
all but two of them are in the
voice of Ethan Hars Rocky,
who knows Yahowah very well and is saying
many things about Yahowah and his long life
lives with Yahowah and how it's all going
to turn out in the end on behalf
of what he is going to contribute as
he takes out Rahab.
And then
Then Yahowah has two statements about his
son.
He just says his son is his co-worker.
He's the one through whom he has created
the covenant.
The covenant was literally created with
Dowd.
And he says, he's my chosen one.
So he makes some statements about Dowd
that just end the argument that there's
nobody else.
There can be no Jesus.
There can be no Bar Kokhba.
There's no religious opportunity.
It's Yahowah and Dowd.
And that's it.
Then
After Hazraqi has hung him up and said,
all right, in the end,
I know my job.
I take out Rahab,
who is this Satan character that is Donald
Trump today.
So I've got that to look forward to.
He begins what is something in the range
of thirty straight statements that are all
in Yahowah's voice.
And this is one of them.
He says accordingly.
My unrelenting love, my enduring devotion,
my unmitigated favoritism and affection,
even generosity.
I will never remove or withdraw from being
with him.
So what are the odds that he gave
up on Dowd and went to Jesus?
Zero.
I will never.
withdraw or remove from him.
This was actually written in the Hifl
imperfect.
The Hifl makes the subject, which is Dowd,
a participant in the action such that he
is an understudy to Yahowah.
And the imperfect conjugation means it's
ongoing.
There is no end to this.
This is action that just continues over
time.
Because I will never communicate something
which is not true.
Nor will I ever contradict myself.
Now what that means is there can be
no New Testament because the entire New
Testament contradicts Yahowah's testimony
from beginning to end.
Every time that Paul quotes God,
he misquotes him and he derives the
absolute opposite of the intent that God
conveyed.
He's calling God a liar the entire time.
And so you can't have a Talmud either.
There's no religious room,
wiggle room with this.
God says, I will never contradict myself,
which means there can be no Quran.
Quran is contradictory from beginning to
end.
Then he says,
my steadfast commitment to the truth is
directed at Dowd.
I will never dishonor or betray,
nor will I poke holes in Berythani,
my covenant family.
I will never
Defile,
treat as if it were common or not
uniquely special.
I will never hold in contempt.
I will never sully.
I will never desecrate.
I will never perforate.
I will never create loopholes.
I will never violate the nature of.
I will not betray my covenant
relationship.
In other words,
that covenant relationship,
there was Leah, obviously,
that just walked by.
That covenant relationship that was
conceived
and presented so long ago,
first modeled with Noah,
and then narrated with Abraham,
and then articulated through Moshe,
and quantified through Moshe,
and then enabled through Dowd.
Same covenant all the way through.
And the one fulfilled as we began this
program, as explained through Jeremiah,
Jeremiah thirty one,
when it's renewed with Israel,
with the Towrah being written inside of us,
which means that the Towrah is written
inside of us.
There's no room for an oral Towrah or
a Talmud.
There's no room for a New Testament.
There's no room for a Quran.
It's the Towrah period.
Let's follow the script.
Follow the script.
I will never dishonor, betray,
or poke holes in my covenant.
Nor will I ever alter, disguise,
or change what has gone forth from my
lips.
You know,
I've wrote five books on twistianity,
is to say that the entire New Testament
is trying to change what God said,
including everything that he writes here
in the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
It's all changed.
And so the religion has a zero percent
chance of being genuine.
And the same thing's true with the Talmud.
The same thing is true with the Zohar.
Same thing is true with the Quran.
And I've written books, you know,
another thirteen books on those things.
But God says, I'm not changing.
I've got my plan.
I've got my covenant.
I got my guy.
I'm not changing my guy.
I'm not changing my covenant.
I'm not changing my plan.
I'm not changing my word.
If you don't like what I have to
say and what I'm offering, then go away.
I'm not changing it for you.
So many people say, well,
I think that God ought to,
or my God would,
or why don't you explain it to me
in a way that I can understand?
God says, no.
I've explained it to you.
These are my rules if you want to
be part of my family.
These are the benefits that I'm committed
to delivering.
This is the people I'm going to deliver
it with.
This is what I've said about it.
And none of that is ever going to
be annulled.
It's never going to be changed.
Take it or leave it.
So since never is a pretty long time.
We can be assured that Yahowah's unwavering
love, his devotion, his loyalty,
his favoritism,
will remain steadfastly and wholeheartedly
directed towards dote.
And while this does not exclude God loving
others, of course,
they cannot supersede or replace dote.
Therefore,
God could not have been talking about the
mythical Jesus...
When he said this of his son,
there is no transference here.
In fact,
Yahowah just wrote the law of
non-transference.
This would be the law of non-transference.
No replacement philology here.
Yahowah has already made many irrevocable
declarations regarding Dowd.
And none of them can be rescinded or
transferred to someone else.
Now these include calling Dowd Bakowr,
my firstborn.
Elyown,
all things pertaining to the influence of
God.
Ebed, coworker.
Zarowa, sacrificial lamb.
Messiah, the one who has been anointed.
And the fact is that he is steadfastly
committed to the truth and will never
contradict himself,
so there's no room for a New Testament.
There's no possibility of a Talmud.
Killing Christianity and Judaism thrice
over, there is only one covenant,
and God isn't going to betray his family.
And Yahowah's on record emphatically
stating that he will not sponsor a new
one.
there will be no replacements.
There's no duplicates,
there's no alterations, none.
Yahowah is completely opposed to any
rearrangements or modifications to
Hizbara.
You know,
rabbis can talk all they want to about
what the covenant means to them and how
it's part of Judaism.
You know,
I've heard all sorts of people say,
you can't be in the covenant unless you
are Jewish.
That's how you keep better than covenant.
Yeah.
No, that's not what it says.
He doesn't say there's a Towrah for Jews
and a Towrah for non-Jews.
There's one Towrah for all of us.
One Passover for all of us.
Now,
some qualifications you have to meet to
take part of them,
but there's only one of them.
So you can accept it,
you can reject it, you can ignore it.
Those are your choices.
But one cannot change it.
like Paul tried to do,
or replace it as Christians do.
That is not an option.
Craig, you know, the instructions,
the guidance,
the teaching are black and white if you
want to be right.
And as you go on,
as your wonderful podcast yesterday
illuminated,
Even the term mashach with Yaz Shemesh,
his special oil.
Yes.
All right.
That blows away some unknown Messiah who's
going to come as a mighty warrior or
some mythical fake Jesus who played in the
Ardennes.
Give me a break.
Clashed around in the Ardennes.
God says, no,
with my special set apart oil,
I anointed him.
That's right.
No, there's no replacing that.
There is no substitution here.
All those people who have claimed over the
years that they are a Messiah, no,
you're not.
And Jesus didn't even exist,
so he is not,
and Bar Kokhba most certainly is not.
So it's Down or nothing for you.
Yes.
According to God,
I guess you could make your God a
liar if you want to.
I think that's a very poor call.
So this next assessment,
it is a natural extension of those that
come before.
But nevertheless,
it remains one of the most jarring
pronouncements ever.
ever shared by God.
And most of you know what's coming because
it is such a poof.
It's God punching the religious square in
the nose and saying, well,
how do you like that one?
Why don't you deal with this one?
You know,
you don't ever hear a pastor preaching
from the Eighty-Ninth Psalm ever or Jews
explaining it because it's devastating to
both religion.
Well, this is so stunning.
that words are inadequate to express the
level of the Almighty's frustration with
the religious.
It reads, echad.
You're familiar with the term echad there,
Dr. Jeff?
Uno, one.
Yes, solumentary one.
Yahowah is one.
Well, this is echad.
There is only one echad.
only one to whom I have affirmed the
truth by having made a promise, Shiva.
And by my Qodesh Ani,
my uniquely set-apart nature,
if not to Dowd,
I am shown to be a liar and
a disappointment.
I have communicated that which is not
true.
I will have failed by having been
deceptive and false.
And in the end,
will have become futile and apt and
delusional.
Healed and perfect.
First person singular.
Ms.
Moore, Psalm eighty nine thirty five.
That's it.
I've gone all in with Dowd.
I've told you Dowd is my son.
He is the one that enabled the benefits
of the covenant,
which means that he is our savior because
the benefits of the covenant are delivered
through the fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
which means Dowd had to fulfill them in
thirty-three CE.
He's saying Dowd is my firstborn.
He is the Messiah.
He is my chosen one.
He is the most important person in the
world.
And God's saying,
If everything I've said about him isn't
true and doesn't materialize going
forward,
then I'm shown to be a liar and
I will have failed.
So God is all in with Dowd.
He says, for example,
if this psalm right here didn't resolve
the falling out that he had at the
present moment with Dowd.
So he is saying this at the time
that he and Dowd are not even talking.
And he is writing this collaboratively
with Ethan ha 'Ezrachy and knowing that
Ethan is going to deliver it to Dowd.
And he's worked with Ethan a lot of
times in the past.
And so he's saying right now,
if I fail Drew Dowd,
then you can call me a liar and
you will know that I am,
I'm a failure.
I'm a disappointment because I couldn't
get it done.
Yeah.
And that's hard for people to process.
Yah always gets it done,
and he basically just totally Abrahamic
religions, game, set, match.
Yeah,
but there's something more subtle even in
that.
What Yahowah is saying is that I have
chosen to work with certain people,
and I trust these people sufficiently.
That I'm telling you who they are and
what I'm going to do through them.
And I'm so confident in that,
that I'll put it all on the line.
That if we don't succeed together
collaboratively, fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym, for example,
with Dowd,
the return with Dowd on Yom Kipurym,
if we don't deliver, I will have failed.
He has no intent on failing.
Yeah.
I agree with you, Yada.
You can almost see Yahowah in this
thirty-fifth verse just pushing all the
chips just right to the center of the
table.
Yeah, I'm all in with this.
I'm all in.
Either we go this way or we don't
go.
We don't go.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
This is all in and he's not bluffing.
In this case, he has a royal flush.
What?
And his Royal Flush is ace high.
And he's going all in.
He says, I'm holding the cards.
I know what the cards say.
In fact,
and a Royal Flush should be five cards.
I've got five people that I use in
this process.
I know who those five are.
I know who my ace is.
I know who my king is.
You know, I know who my Joker is.
I know.
I know who my team is.
It's funny.
It's Joker, of course, would be ElYah.
His queen would be our ‘Amah, Miss Leia.
His king is Dowd and his ace,
his fixer that he keeps on sending in.
That's that's Yada.
So, you know,
he's he's and then the ten are speaking
to the team that he's going to deploy
to get all of this done.
And so he says,
I'm looking I'm looking at my cards here.
I know what my cards say.
I'm going all in here.
Want to play?
I think I'm bluffing.
Want to challenge me?
Want to call me a liar of a
bluffer here?
This is this is your opportunity.
See how it measures up.
That's exactly what he's doing.
That's a beautiful metaphor.
He's going in, going all in,
and he's not gambling.
And the reason he's not gambling is,
to use another metaphor,
he's not rolling the dice with the
universe.
He's everybody that is part of making this
happen, because Doe doesn't operate alone.
Dowd doesn't earn Yahowah's trust to even
being delivered to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym without the intervention
that's taking place here.
And Dowd doesn't have the wherewithal to
get through that next life without a
loving mother and father.
And the reason he didn't have a loving
mother and father and got himself in this
mess in this life is
is because he didn't know his mother and
father.
And his father was awful and his mother
was awful too.
And so he ended up representing Yisrael.
And he was as angry and embittered against
God as Yisrael became.
But what Yahowah proved with him is that
set straight
get his mind right, get him returned,
that he was not only salvageable,
he could redeem all of Israel.
So Dowd becomes the exemplar for what
God's trying to do with Israel.
He says, I know this guy.
I've worked with him before,
and I know who's going to support him
to get this job done,
and I know I can trust them.
I have a family around him that's going
to make this happen,
and it's going to work,
and so I know exactly what my cards
say.
want to bet against me world go ahead
with your religion see if i care you
know i'm not looking for a big crowd
you know maybe i want to you know
beach in an island on my own you
know i'm not looking for a big crowd
i'm not trying to save everybody he just
wants some people he can trust that he
can hang with that he can enjoy that
he can go explore places with and know
that they're not going to do something
stupid
And that they're going to be net
contributors to the experience.
They're going to add something to it.
That's what he's looking for.
And he says,
I know who my players are.
I've got my cards right here.
And I know we're going to prevail.
So I'm all in.
You want to call me a liar?
Want to call my bluff?
That's what Christianity did.
It got a liar.
It called his bluff.
And he laid down a...
A royal flush.
Goodbye.
That is the story here.
If you're religious,
you're betting against God.
And he, well, he takes risks.
I mean, God takes risks.
He's working through people.
That's why he keeps on saying,
if they don't perform, if they give up,
if I pick the wrong team and that
team fails me, then it's all over.
I don't think they will.
And of course,
part of it is that when you get
towards the end, now,
because he's got so much on the line,
he's got seven spirits turning away so
that every day, five times a day,
I say, oh my God, that is spectacular.
What a great insight.
Can't wait to learn more about that,
prove it, translate everything around it,
exercise my full capacity to be perceptive
and then share what I learned.
And he's doing this now at a prodigious
pace.
So, you know,
he's definitely lubricated the wheels of
this machine.
We're in full roar in this locomotive
going down the tracks.
It'd be real foolish to step in front
of it.
But, you know,
we're not trying to get in anybody's way.
We're not trying to run over anybody.
we're just cutting a line in the sand
of a line in time a line in
space and say you know be on this
side be on the other side your call
just get off the damn tracks one way
or the other take your pick and with
God holding all the cards and saying I'm
all in isn't that a beautiful picture I
love that Will yeah think he's pretty
confident yeah
You know,
it's remarkable the amount of trust that
he has in this team and in this
family.
I mean, he's, you know, he's, you know,
Joe talks about bragging about Yahowah.
He's almost bragging about us.
He is bragging about us.
Yeah.
Because dough doesn't work without us.
Because first of all,
he would never shown up for Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
He could not have fulfilled them.
But even if he had fulfilled them,
no one would know about it.
For the last twenty five hundred years,
no one know he did it.
And so what's the difference between doing
it?
No one knowing about it,
not doing it at all.
There is zero difference.
And so it is a losing hand.
You might as well just fold if we
don't enter the fray and say, no,
it's not.
He did this.
He's the returning King.
He's the savior.
He's the one was crucified in thirty
three.
There is no Jesus.
There is no Bar Kochba.
Bar Kochba was was a crappy choice.
You ought to have paid attention to what
God said.
This is what God said.
This is who our savior is.
This is who the son of God is.
This is who the Messiah is.
This is who the chosen one is.
It's Dowd.
And so had we not done that.
And by the way, this is Yahowah's name.
God's name is Yahowah.
And this is how it's pronounced.
This is why it's important.
These are the terms and conditions of His
covenant.
This is the intent of each of His
seven Mow'ed Miqra'ey,
and there's no other meeting times with
God.
There's no other way to Him other than
these seven Mow'ed Miqra'ey,
and this is the timeline that they have
been and will be fulfilled.
This is how much time you have left.
This is going to happen between now and
then.
Had that not occurred,
it doesn't matter that He is holding a
royal flush.
So he is indeed bragging about us.
I think that's tickled pink.
I don't know if pink is the right
color.
Tickled blue, maybe.
He's really pleased.
You know, I look at us and say,
well, rough around the edges, but...
Kirk says, yeah, look at us.
We're all a little rough around the edges,
but that's the way God likes us.
That's the way he likes it.
Yeah, that's the way he likes it.
He's not looking for perfect.
In fact,
he would cringe at the idea of perfect.
It's just so anya to deal with perfection,
and it leaves nothing, nothing to prove,
nothing to grow, nothing.
Nothing of interest.
That's what he's looking for.
People show up every day.
Make a contribution every day.
Show that they're reliable.
Grow and glow and do it again.
Yep.
I'm holding the cards.
I know who my ace is,
who my king is, who my queen is,
who my joker is,
and who the ten are.
I know who these people are.
I know what my cards represent.
Let me lay them down for you.
I'll just put them all out right there.
There they are.
Which one of those are you going to
pick on?
I think not.
By the way,
if you want to look at ten,
why eight, even in that metaphor,
we know the eight of Shabuwah and Taruwah
and Kipurym.
We know the eight aboard the ark.
We know the eight days of Sukah.
But, you know,
there's a couple of guys that are still
beyond those eight.
Yeah.
I think that of the five that he
has reused,
three of them are among that group.
But we have Dowd in addition to that.
We have ElYah in addition to that.
And we have Moshe,
who is likely to come back in some
form.
And you could say, all right,
but wait a minute,
you already had Dowd as the king,
so who's the other two?
Make it Elyown Moshe.
I mean,
Elyown's not gonna write the Towrah inside
of us and not allow the man who
actually scribed it to be there to recite
it.
It wouldn't be Yah's style, right?
So Moshe is going to come back and
celebrate it.
And ElYah is going to be the joker.
When we sit around the fires,
we're going to listen to music.
Some will be by Dowd,
some will be by Leah.
And we sit around the fire.
The guy that's going to still be the
master of ceremony, keep us in stitches,
it's ElYah.
In fact,
we have figured out that ElYah's first go
at this was not as ElYah.
He was Samson.
Personality is identical.
Same approach, same gift of gab,
same right in your face bowl,
I'll take nothing from anybody attitude.
It's Samson.
And Moshe's...
Moshe's last go was not as Moshe.
His last go prior to being this was
as...
Why does the name slip my mind?
Gideon?
Gideon.
Yeah, it's Gideon.
Gideon, I need signs.
Oh, that's not enough.
Give me another sign.
Let me talk some more about this.
I'm not sure I can do this.
I am not the right guy for this
job.
Now, can you find somebody else?
How about another sign?
I need some glasses.
Yeah, I need some.
Come on.
No, I don't want to go do that.
No, you sure?
Okay.
Okay,
we're going to bring it down with lanterns
and horns, huh?
Sure.
And oh, by the way,
all the people we bring down,
now that we've done this,
I'm just going to go wipe them out.
It's Moshe.
Samson is ElYah.
Personalities don't change.
So when you're looking at characters,
all you look at is the personality,
the aptitudes, the attitudes, the style.
And these people are consistent
characters.
all the way through the, uh, the, uh,
the process.
And that's why Moshe,
God didn't go all in with Moshe.
And, um, when he, uh,
met with him on a Towrah,
when he said Moshe, Moshe was Moshe,
Moshe,
because there was a Moshe before Moshe,
you know,
who the Moshe was before Moshe same exact
personality, same approach, same place,
even Yosef.
You know what Yosef's names mean?
I'll do it again.
His name means I'll do it again.
So, as I say,
God does not roll the dice.
There's no important...
aspect of of his play from beginning to
end where there was an important role and
that important role was played by somebody
that was critical a role where they really
had to perform uh if he did not
know them previously and worked with them
previously and I say well what about
Abraham and Sarah that actually wasn't an
important role they didn't do squat they
really didn't
God laid out the narrative.
They were slow on the uptake.
They kind of went along with it.
There was no intelligent summation of it.
I don't think it was a single point
where they said, oh, yeah,
now this is what God said.
This is what it means to us.
This is the implications going forward.
No, they were always a step behind.
And so it was just someone to narrate
it through.
And you look at Yitschaq,
there's nothing really special that
happened during his life.
You look at Jacob and suppressing your
brother Esau.
And he had all sorts of trials and
tribulations.
There's really nothing pretty or
spectacular of his life.
And the twelve sons of Israel,
they really start off rough.
There's only one of them that has an
exemplary life,
and that's
the one that got, I'll do him again,
Yosef, who was in, of all places,
Mitsraym.
So, you know,
if it's an important role like Noach,
he had to save Neshamah man.
That's a retread.
It's Ethan ha 'Ezrachy.
I got to save Dowd from himself.
That's a retread.
There was serious problems at the time of
Gideon.
That's a retread.
And so that's what God has done all
the way along.
ElYah with Samson.
He'd been through the ringer before.
He had performed exactly the same way.
So God's pretty consistent.
He's found the team that he can trust
and rely on.
He's used them at all the critical
junctures.
And so he's hedged his bets,
if you will.
And now he's playing with a royal flush
and gone all in.
And he's smiling from ear to ear because
look what he did with the talent that
he had to work with.
Well, they had a lot of practice.
Yeah, we've had a lot of practice.
We've been down the road before.
Yeah.
We've had a lot of practice.
We have a lot of preseason games to
get up to speed.
This is a lot like Major League Baseball.
You play a full season.
You play, what,
three times more games than they have,
or at least twice,
maybe three times more games than they
have in the entire NFL schedule as
preseason games.
This is kind of like Major League
Baseball.
It's playoff time, gentlemen and ladies.
It's playoff time.
Playoff time.
Right now, we are entering playoff time.
This is for all the marbles.
This is for the championship.
This is to crown the king.
Yeah.
And yeah.
I made recycling very popular and in vogue
before it became in vogue.
Yes, he did.
Yeah.
And, you know, again,
there's no time travel here.
Nothing special going on.
God keeps and coddles and enjoys souls
that tickle him,
that he finds interesting,
that he finds useful,
that he can rely on.
We always know that souls go to Shamaym.
We're clear that God took
Enoch, so they could redeploy him.
It's obvious that Yahowah took Elijah,
ElYah,
and he even tells us when he's going
to redeploy him.
He tells us that after a natural death,
that Dowd is coming back
twice more, once to fulfill Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
which Dowd gives the exact date that he's
going to fulfill those and describes
exactly how he's going to fulfill them
through crucifixion and go into Sheowl.
And he says that Dowd's coming back as
Elyown, as the influence of God,
and going to be king forevermore.
So we know that God is on record
saying, I'm taking these people,
their souls,
and I'm putting them in these places
forevermore.
in my timeline chronologically never going
back in time but putting these people in
uh in their place along my timeline and
using them multiple times so you're saying
well so he said that about three people
but he can't do it with five right
limit of sick limit of three this week
and you know i see his own record
saying i'm gonna do it three times with
uh with Down but he can't do it
uh seven or eight times
Why?
And why wouldn't he since he can?
And why would God say, you know,
I want to do something really important,
but I'm going to try somebody I've never
worked with before.
Why would he do that?
You know, Craig,
you just also have given meaning to
another perspective on anti-Semitic.
We all know that it means against the
name of Yahowah,
but knowing who Dowd is and what another
manifestation was as Shem,
it's against my son as well.
You're against my name and you're against
my son as well.
yeah chalk one up that's a good one
exactly that's almost as good that's
almost as good as will's uh i'm all
in but it's true since uh since uh
noach uh uh practiced run uh on delivering
the kinsman redeemer that's the reason we
know that it was boaz and ruth that
return to deliver the kinsman redeemer
because that's the promise and uh and it
uh it's noak and his wife that gave
birth to shim and shim means the name
and so anti-shimite is against Down that's
Down's soul
There you go.
Absolutely.
That's another one.
That is absolutely true in Islam and in
Christianity and in Judaism.
In Judaism,
they don't give any credit for being the
son of God.
In fact, they say it's impossible.
They give no credit for being the Messiah.
They give no credit for being the
returning king.
They give no credit for being the savior
who enabled the benefits of the covenant.
Everything God said.
They give no credit for being the chosen
one.
They don't even pronounce his name right.
In the backdrop of all this,
excuse my interruption,
but for several days now I've been
thinking about how Satan, you said,
you know,
Satan didn't want to be like God.
He wants to be like Doge.
I mean, you see everything is just...
So overwhelmingly,
these are the two that are fighting it
out, basically.
Yeah.
Satan is a created being.
And as a created being,
he knows he can't be Yahowah.
Yeah.
but he prevails and he gets to keep
the earth as his,
for however long it lasts,
and it's not very long because everybody
would be dead, if he can replace Elyown.
And so in Isaiah,
when it says he wants to be above
the most high, it's Elyown.
And the one person that Yahowah calls Elyown
is Dowd.
So in fact,
what Satan's trying to do is to replace
the Messiah and Son of God
Dowd.
So do you know a religion that has
a Messiah and son of God that replaces
Dowd?
Christianity, right?
So guess who,
guess who is the God of Christianity?
All you got to do is just put
the,
you could probably put that one through an
AI and an AI would be able to
figure that one out.
Even,
even an AI could figure that one out.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ was modeled after Satan.
That's why the man that invented Jesus
Christ admitted that he was
demon-possessed in Paul.
But what we're going to find out is
really interesting.
The reason that Paul wrote against Shimon,
who became Peter,
and wrote against and condemned John and
condemned Jacob, who was renamed James.
You know why he went against those three
people who were supporters of the Messiah,
who happened to be Dowd?
You know why he went against those three?
And where the whole thing came from of
disciples?
Were they the Ammonites or something?
They were saving all the books?
No?
His brothers.
Guess whose son?
They were, yeah.
Bo'az and Ruth.
Ruth delivers the Kingsman Redeemer to
Bo'az.
So Ruth and Bo'az are the mother and
father of Dowd, whom they named Emmanuel.
God is with us.
And because their role was to support him,
because what he was volunteering to do was
extraordinary,
and there was no way he was going
to be left alone and not understand,
not appreciate good parenting.
And to grow up in a family,
and our second-born son,
his name was Shimon.
Our third-born son, his name was Ya'aqob.
And our fourth son,
his name was Yahowah Conan.
That is how the myth of the disciples
was born.
That's the people that Paul went after,
that he corrupted.
Christianity and Paul,
they don't have any creativity.
It's all about counterfeiting and
corrupting.
But I've been asked that so many times
and I never had an answer for how
in the world those things came to be
because it's clear that there were those
people and that that was the argument.
And now we know.
He's a plagiarizer on steroids.
He plagiarizes on steroids.
Well, gentlemen,
I think that God's not going to have
any problem with us saying it's time for
us to say goodnight.
Shabbat Shalowm to everyone.
Please Shalowm to Yisrael as you're
continuing to endure the mistakes of your
political and political
other leaders uh but shabbat Shalowm to one
and all uh rich thank you for uh
for doing this we think that rich is
our uh our ElYah character he is our
our ElYah uh look-alike what do you guys
all think
yeah yeah i think either will you or
kevin could be our moses look-alike yeah
yeah kevin's got it kirk is gonna be
my uh my golfing buddy but uh yeah
we i think we have some players here
we got characters here that could be you
know in the in these roles anyway it's
uh that's being silly now uh
Happy Shabbat Shalowm to one and all.
I thought this was really an interesting
discussion all the way through.
So it's not.
Ninety five percent of the show was
extemporaneous.
I still think the topics we talked about
are pertinent, meaningful.
And I think we came up with some
really interesting ideas.
The idea of what really it is to
be anti-Shem and how God's gone all in
and what cards he's holding and why he's
gone all in.
So thank you, everyone,
and we'll look forward to being with you
again on Monday.
Shabbat Shalowm.
Good night, everyone.
Thank you.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.